# Title of research
The title of the research was the training needs for registered midwives in two Comprehensive Emergency Obstetrics and Neonatal Care Facilities in Eswatini
# Purpose
The purpose was to determine trainings that would inform a training programme for registered midwives
## Data collection tool
A Hennessy-Hicks Training Needs Questionnaire was used to collect data from N=202 registered midwives. The tool had 37 items measured on a seven point Likert Scale. A respondent had to rate each items twice, for task importance and task performance. The items were grouped into five categories also called superordinate categories namely research/audit, clinical, communication, management/supervisory and administration. Part of Section C of the tool required open-ended responses. 
## Data analysis
The tool had three sections. Sections A, B and C. Section A was demographic characteristics. Section B had four parts which were specifically on training needs. Section A of the four parts asked on task importance and section B on task perforance. Respondents had to rate their perceptions on task importance and task perfomance for each item on a 7 point Likert Scale from 1-7. For task importance, the respondent had to indicate from 1 for "not important", 2 for "slightly important", 3 for "quite important", 4 for "moderately important", 5 for "important", 6 for "very important" and 7 for "extremely important". For task performance, ratings were 1 for "not well", 2 for "slightly well", 3 for "quite well", 4 for 'moderately well", 5 for "well", 6 for "very well" and 7 for "extremely well". To analyze the data, or determine training needs, a lower task performance score than task importance indicated a training need for each item.  The difference indicated a training need. Paired t-test analysis was run to determine sgnificance in dfferences between each category pair. Section C of the tool was an open-ended question that required mentioning of training needs by the respondents.
## Data file
final_TNA_data_for_submission_csv_file.txt
